♪♪
♪ We are The Fungies ♪
♪ Prehistoric fungi
in a mushroom to-o-wn ♪
♪ Outside, we look different ♪
♪ Inside, we're the same ♪
Yeah!
♪ Everyone's a fungie
in their own way ♪
♪ Come join The Fungies ♪
♪ Explore a brand-new world
made just for yo-o-u ♪
♪ If you're inclusive,
inquisitive ♪
♪ Respectful, and kind ♪
♪ You can be a fungie, too ♪
♪♪
Oh! Here's
another good iceberg fact!
Icebergs can be as big
as a small country.
Wow. Don't you just love
iceberg facts?
What's the big deal?
It's just ice.
We only see like,
10% of an iceberg!
90% of their mass
is hidden under water!
Oh, great, more ice.
[ Sighs ] They're too far away
to visit though.
Or are they?
Commander beefy!
I overheard, well,
I regular-heard from spying,
that you wanna see
an iceberg?
Well, well,
well, well, well.
Oh, so badly!
Because well...
I sorta see myself
as an iceberg.
Just like these Bergs of ice,
there's so much more to me
than meets the eye.
[ Laughs ]
You shouldn't go around telling
people that, it's so silly.
Oh, yes.
So silly.
Anyway,
you're in luck!
I offered an Arctic cruise
to my Beef Co. Employees
in place of a health plan,
and I want you,
Seth,
to be the captain!
Me?
Well, I'd do it myself,
but cruises gross me out.
Am I really qualified
to Captain a cruise boat?
Oh, being Captain
is easy!
Just remember, a great Captain
knows what he wants!
And you want see an iceberg,
right?
Makes sense to me.
Hmm.
I'll do it!
Oh, but can I
bring my brother?
Mom says it's my turn
to watch him.
[ Blows air ]
[ Birds chirp ]
Ahh! Where am I?
Welcome to --
the Grand Beef Co.
Beefy Cruise!
Whoa!
Ooh!
Look at the view
from up here!
Wait'll you see
the captain's bridge.
Oops, boiler room!
Hang on...
Oop -- hold on,
let me get the lights.
Whoops, ha-ha,
refitted military ship.
Probably won't need these,
let's go.
A-ha! Captain's bridge.
Pascal & Seth:
Whoa!
Time to commandeer
this behemoth!
[ Deep clanging ]
Whoa!
You can't be captain --
you're way too short!
Welp,
cruise is cancelled.
Wait, uh,
what about Pascal?
He's tall and strong.
Oh, I dunno...
I'm sort of intimidated
by ships,
especially one this big.
But I need to see
an iceberg!
I need it!
Being Captain is easy!
Just remember, a great Captain
knows what he wants!
And you wanna help me
see that iceberg!
Very well brother,
I'll do it!
Perfect! I'll start
the sendoff ceremony!
Bon voyage!
See? You haven't crashed
into anything.
You're a great Captain!
It's probably dumb luck, we
should turn around and go home.
Not until I see an iceberg.
Besides, nothing bad
will happ--
Both: Aah!
This is Admiral Crab-Bar of
Lord Clawly's Navy,
and you are trespassing
on Clawly waters!
[ Screaming ]
Calm down, calm down.
State your purpose
in these waters!
Quick, be a captain!
Uhh...
Ahoy!
Oh, we should get
one of those.
A good Captain knows
what they want.
Um, I just want to show
my brother an iceberg.
Aw, that's actually
very sweet.
You have my permission
to sail these waters.
Just don't destroy anything!
-Yay!
-Hurray!
At this rate, I'll see
that iceberg in no time.
Hey, what's so important
about this iceberg?
I-uhh --
It's just ice.
I sorta see myself
as an iceberg.
Ha ha, you shouldn't go 'round
telling people that.
You shouldn't.
Never you mind,
just worry about captaining!
Fine, keep your secrets.
I need to get in the zone.
Alright, alright.
I'm gonna...
Enjoy the cruise!
Beefy, beefy, beefy.
Beefy beefy!
Beefy!
♪ Hoo cruisin'! ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah! ♪
♪ There ain't a thing
that will lead us astray ♪
♪ You just relax and I will
take us all the way! ♪
Arrr...
I feel a bad wind comin...
Whoa.
Iceberg.
It's so huge!
I gotta tell Seth!
But, I feel oddly
compelled to touch...
What do I do, what do I do?
Wait...
I'm the captain, and the captain
knows what he wants!
And right now, the captain
wants first touchies!
[ Grunting ]
Got it, oh wait!
Grrr!
Yes!
It's cold!
Brr!
uh-oh.
No, no, no, no, no, no!
Aah! No!
Beefy, beefy, bee-fee!
Beefy, beefy, be--
wait, what's going on?
Why'd we stop?
Pascal?
She took what was mine, Seth!
That iceberg took my leg!
You saw an iceberg?!
Where?
It got away!
But, we're gonna catch it.
And we're gonna make it pay.
Wait, what?
Beefies!
Stop conga-ing
and pay attention!
Vacation's over!
We're on a mission...
For revenge.
Uh...
Beefy beefy?
Because I'm the captain
and I know what I want!
I want to
destroy that iceberg!
And if anybody wants to argue,
I can throw you overboard,
without floaties.
Oh, no...
Beefy, beefy, beefy,
beefy, beefy...
Please, Pascal!
You can't hurt the iceberg!
I didn't even get to see it!
Mom can get you a new leg!
I don't want a new leg!
I want revenge!
You...
You don't understand!
I've gotta stop this ship!
Beefies: Beefy, beefy?
I know...
I really wanna see
the iceberg...
But I can't let Pascal
destroy it.
It's called making a sacrifice.
The boat stops here...
[ Drips ]
Huh?
Sabotage!
By my own brother...
What is your weird deal
with icebergs anyway?
I...
Yeah, tell him
that silly stuff you said!
Haha,
feelings are dumb!
I can't!
Beefies!
Grab him!
B-Beefy?
Either grab him or go
for a swim.
Oof!
Pascal!
I'll pick you up as soon as I
get my revenge on that iceberg!
Don't forget to
wear sunscreen!
Don't do it!
Please!
Think of the iceberg's
potential!
Uh, I'll make a raft!
Out of, uh...
shells!
And...seaweed...
Admiral:
Stop right there!
You're on Lord Clawly's land!
And you're late for Schmiddy's
birthday party!
Have some cake!
I would love to, but...
I need your help.
Well, Schmiddy?
It's your birthday, buddy.
[ Noisemaker noise]
Let's ride.
[ Sighs ]
Don't worry, Seth!
Nobody destroys an iceberg
in Lord Clawly's waters!
I hope you're right.
It's too special
to be destroyed!
What do you mean by that?
Ah, forget it.
Ahhh, don't be embarrassed,
tell me!
It's just...
I can relate to icebergs!
They're explorers,
like me!
And they've got a lot going on
under the surface, y'know?
So, yeah,
you can laugh now.
That's not silly,
Seth.
That's beautiful.
Aw, you're a good Captain.
Whoa, there he is!
And there's the iceberg!
Get those cannons battle ready!
A captain knows what they want
and I want that thing to pay.
[ Bell dings ]
Huh?
You hurt that 'berg and you
will suffer the consequences!
We'll see about that.
Fire those cannons!
Beefy, beefy, be-beefy?
-Aah!
-Beefy...
If you want something
blown up...
You gotta blow it up yourself.
He's still attacking
the iceberg!
First Mate Rattles, adjust
the sails for full wind speed!
[ Whoosh, clink ]
Gotcha!
Your captain needs you!
[ Whimpers ]
Hope you enjoyed
your Beefy cruise!
[ Muffled screaming ]
[ Growls ]
So that's how it's gonna be.
Try and stop this!
He's going to ram it!
Pascal, stop!
You wanna know why this iceberg
is so important?
Too late, Seth!
Because it's like me!
And you!
In fact,
it's like all of us!
It's beautiful and mysterious,
powerful yet fragile,
a complex shape
in a boundless universe.
What does it want?
How can we ever know?
What?
It's a collection
of molecules
on a timeless journey,
frozen together for this brief
and wonderful parade.
Ahoy!
What am I doing?
Seth, you're right!
That iceberg is like me.
Because it's strong.
It's like mom because
it's beautiful,
and it's like you
because it's...
cold to the touch.
And it's like Pooger
because it's always around,
and kind of following y--
welcome to me ship, there's
your complimentary towel...
Sorry for
losing it back there.
No, no, I'm sorry
for pushing you.
And I did get
to see the iceberg.
Beefy?
Of course you can join my crew!
You all can!
I guess everything worked out
for everyone!
Beefy:
What?! I'm ruined!
How do you lose
a fifty-three-thousand-ton ship
and a crew
full of Beefies?!
[Laughing ]
Stop that.
Stop laughing!
Why are you laughing?!
♪♪
Yeah, you can laugh now.